Some terms:

From this post that someone pointed me to, I am using the term "Mode"
for the game and the modes as he has them listed is Verses, Campaign,
Co-Op, and Arcade.

Within a mode, if Menu => Options => Hotkeys is selected, on the left
are large buttons. I call these "Areas". Verses mode has Protoss,
Terran, Zerg, and Global areas. Campaign has seven areas. Co-Op has
thirteen.

After picking an area, the user is presented with two grids: one for
Units and one for Structures. I don't have a name for this other than
"Unit" or "Structure". Note that there are duplicate units within an
Area -- e.g. In Campaign, Terran Story there are two units called
Nova. Campaign, Zerg Story has three units named Zergling. The name of
the unit or structure has a number 1-n appended such as Nova1 but if
it is a 1, it is not displayed. Thus, we end up with Nova and Nova2,
Zergling, Zergling2, and Zergling3.

Once a Unit  or Structure is picked,  the user sees a  set of "Command
Cards"  or  simply  "cards"  for  short.  There  can  be  up  to  four
cards. Aside from the name, I assign them  a number of 0 up to 3 going
from top  left to bottom right.  The number plus name  makes the cards
unique.

Within a card, there are up to fifteen commands arranged in three rows
of five columns. The first row, I add an alternate key of F1-F5. The
second row I add an alternate key of F6-F10. The third row I add an
alternate key of 1-5. e.g. the command in the middle of the second row
always has F8 as its alternate key. If there is no command in that
position, F8 does not get used for that card.

====

A hot key files is made up of Sections.  These sections are Settings,
Hotkeys, and Commands.

Settings are more or less self evident with AllowSetConflicts being
the easiest example.  This particular setting has a check box in the
GUI.  Other settings do not appear to have any GUI interface.

Hotkeys are what is set in the "Global" area of the GUI (described
above) and are things such as Control Groups

Commands are for units and structures and are things like Move,
Attack, etc.

Each Section has a name ("Settings", "Hotkeys", or "Commands") and a
list of Attributes.

Each Attribute has a name and a value.  For Hotkeys and Commands, the
value will be a KeyBinding.  For Settings, the value will be a Ruby
primative.

A KeyBinding can be empty or have a primary key.  If it has a primary
key, it will also have a list of alternative keys which may be empty.

You will note redundant information preesnt.  Each item will point to
its parent and it will also fully describe itself.  e.g. The
HotkeyFile has a hash by Section name of Section objects but the
Section object will also contain its name.

The assumption is that the redundant information will ultimately spead
up various processes.

====

The first program will detect conflicts and unbound Hotkeys and
Commands.

====

Notes:

A.I. section of commands has:

These seem to be in a group:
AICommunication=Option+C,Shift+Option+C
AIArmy=Option+A,Shift+Option+A
AIScout=Option+S,Shift+Option+S
AIDetect=Option+D,Shift+Option+D
AIExpand=Option+E,Shift+Option+E
AIBuild=Option+B,Shift+Option+B
AIClearAll=Option+X,Shift+Option+X
AIExit=Escape,Option+Escape

AIDelete and AICancel conflict with each other (only)

The others conflict with each other.

None conflict with the Unit Commands.

Addressed by creating AI2 hotkey file with Delete and Cancel and
removing them from the AI hotkey file.

Camera Section:

All seem to conflict with each other and with Unit Commands

Chat:

ChatAll=Shift+Enter,Shift+Option+Enter
ChatAllies=Control+Enter,Control+Shift+Enter
ChatCancel=Escape,Option+Escape
ChatDefault=Slash,Enter
ChatIndividual=Control+Option+Enter,Control+Shift+Option+Enter
ChatRecipient=Tab,Option+Tab
ChatSend=Enter,Option+Enter

ChatSend and ChatCancel do not conflict with Unit Commands but they do
conflict with each other.

The others confict with Unit Commands.

Created Independent Chat2 with ChatCancel and ChatSend.
Removed them from Chat and marked as Conflicts.

Control Groups:

They all conflict with Unit Commands.

Hero:

They conflict with each other but not with anything else.

Inventory:

They conflict with each other but not with anything else.

Menu:

DialogDismiss=Escape,Shift+Escape
MenuAchievements=F9,Shift+F9
MenuGame=F10,Shift+F10
MenuMessages=F11,Shift+F11
MenuHelp=F12,Shift+F12
MenuSocial=Option+F11,Shift+Option+F11
TeamResources=Control+F12,Control+Shift+F12

MenuGame and DialogDismiss do not conflict with anything.

The others conflict with each other and with the Unit Commands.

Oberver and Reply:

Taken as one group, they all conflict with each other but not with the
Unit Commands.

Unit Management:

AlertRecall=Space,Option+Space
ArmySelect=F2,Option+F2
IdleWorker=F1,Option+F1
MinimapPing=Option+G,Control+Option+G
MinimapTargetingView=MiddleMouseButton,RightMouseButton
MinimapNormalView=MiddleMouseButton,LeftMouseButton
Ping=LeftMouseButton,Control+LeftMouseButton
QuickPing=Option+LeftMouseButton,Control+Option+LeftMouseButton
SelectionCancelDrag=Escape,Option+Escape
Selection=LeftMouseButton,Control+LeftMouseButton
SmartCommand=RightMouseButton,Control+RightMouseButton
StatusAll=Apostrophe,Option+Apostrophe
StatusOwner=BackSlash,Option+BackSlash
StatusAlly=BracketOpen,Option+BracketOpen
StatusEnemy=BracketClose,Option+BracketClose
SubgroupNext=Tab,Option+Tab
SubgroupPrev=Shift+Tab,Shift+Option+Tab
TargetCancel=RightMouseButton,Control+RightMouseButton
TargetChoose=LeftMouseButton,Control+LeftMouseButton
WarpIn=W,Option+W

MinimapNormalView,
MinimapTargetingView,
Ping,
SelectionCancelDrag,
TargetChoose,
WarpIn,
  seems to not conflict with anything.

TargetCancel and TargetChoose conflict with each other

The others conflict with each other and with the Unit Commands.

UI:

FPS=Control+Option+F,Control+Shift+Option+F
Music=Control+M,Control+Option+M
Sound=Control+S,Control+Option+S
PTT=Grave,Option+Grave
DisplayMode=Option+Enter,Shift+Option+Enter
CinematicSkip=Escape,Option+Escape
GameSpeedDec=NumPadMinus,Option+NumPadMinus
GameSpeedInc=NumPadPlus,Option+NumPadPlus
GameTooltipsOn=Shift,Option+Shift
MinimapColors=Option+F,Shift+Option+F
MinimapTerrain=Option+T,Control+Option+T
PauseGame=F15,Shift+F12
QuickSave=Control+Q,Control+Option+Q
Screenshot=F13,Control+Shift+Option+F12

This seems to be a complete abortion...

CinematicSkip does not conflict with Unit Commands but does conflict
with DisplayMode, Music, and Sound.  Those three (DisplayMode, Music,
and Sound) conflict with each other and with Unit Commands.  The
others seem to conflict with Unit Commands.  Got it?

Created UI2 with CinematicSkip, DisplayMode, Music, and Sound as an
Independent group.  Removed CinematicSkip from UI.

UI Editor:

They all conflict with each other but not with the Unit Commands.
